Product Information : Release+Notes+Terracotta+3.4.1  

1.  [Product Information](index)
2.  [Home](Home)

Product Information : Release+Notes+Terracotta+3.4.1
====================================================

Created by Fiona OShea, last modified on Feb 07, 2011

Release Notes for Terracotta 3.4.1
==================================

Terracotta 3.4.1 is a bug fix release. The kit includes [Ehcache 2.3.2](Release-Notes-Ehcache-2.3.2) and Quartz 1.8.4

*   5207 - Fix deadlock in server map eviction
*   5123 - Fix to Developer Console cacheable region reporting error in Hibernate panel
*   5053 - Updated MBean tunneling to stop unnecessary JMX communication from Client to Server
*   5113 - Fix to issue with Active/Passive Server setup. GC thread could get stuck on Passive Server causing OffHeap to fill up, disk to fill up and crash Passive
*   5105 - Fix to recover correctly from split-brain in Passive during restart, causing incomplete transactions
*   5077 - Fix to OOME during DGC immediately after Eviction

* * *

Release Notes for Terracotta 3.4.0
==================================

### New Feature

##### BigMemory for the Terracotta Server Array (L2)

BigMemory is an add-on product for Enterprise Ehcache and the Terracotta Server Array. It provides an off-heap cache that is not subject to Garbage Collection (GC). By avoiding performance-killing GC pauses, BigMemory allows Java applications to use as much memory as required. It works everywhere Ehcache works — for stand-alone and distributed caches — with no changes to application code and no special JVM or operating system requirements. It is available in two forms:

### Additional Improvements

*   Developer console improvements
*   Platform Updates
    *   Certification on JDK 1.6.0\_22

### Expected Updates and Scheduled Bug Fixes

in the Terracotta 3.4.0 Server Array and Kit [CDV Jira Project](https://jira.terracotta.org/jira/browse/CDV#selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.project%3Achangelog-panel)

If You Are Upgrading: Terracotta Integration Modules in the Terracotta Toolkit

Users upgrading from a version earlier than 3.3.0 should note that the following Terracotta Integration Modules (TIMs) are now part of the Terracotta Toolkit JAR:

*   tim-concurrent-collections
*   tim-distributed-cache
*   tim-annotations
*   tim-async-processing

Product installation does not require specifying these TIMs. See the [product documentation](http://terracotta.org/documentation) for more information on installing Terracotta products with the Terracotta Toolkit JAR.

##### Known Issues

*   DEV-4875: Clustered Offheap statistics show allocated offheap space rather than offheap occupied in Terracotta Developer Console Graphs. This is as designed but should be noted as it may cause confusion.

Document generated by Confluence on Oct 05, 2021 15:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)