Product Information : Terracotta 3.7, Ehcache 2.6, Quartz 2.1 Platform Support  

1.  [Product Information](index)
2.  [Home](Home)

Product Information : Terracotta 3.7, Ehcache 2.6, Quartz 2.1 Platform Support
==============================================================================

Created by Fiona OShea, last modified by Steve Yellenberg on Feb 28, 2014

/\*<!\[CDATA\[\*/ div.rbtoc1633463967856 {padding: 0px;} div.rbtoc1633463967856 ul {list-style: disc;margin-left: 0px;} div.rbtoc1633463967856 li {margin-left: 0px;padding-left: 0px;} /\*\]\]>\*/

*   [Platform Support](#Terracotta3.7,Ehcache2.6,Quartz2.1PlatformSupport-PlatformSupport)
*   [Client JDKs](#Terracotta3.7,Ehcache2.6,Quartz2.1PlatformSupport-ClientJDKs)
*   [Client Containers](#Terracotta3.7,Ehcache2.6,Quartz2.1PlatformSupport-ClientContainers)
*   [Server Information](#Terracotta3.7,Ehcache2.6,Quartz2.1PlatformSupport-ServerInformation)
*   [Library to Server Compatibility Matrix](#Terracotta3.7,Ehcache2.6,Quartz2.1PlatformSupport-LibrarytoServerCompatibilityMatrix)

Platform Support
================

The platforms listed on this page are currently certified for use with commercial Terracotta product editions. As a 100% Java solution, Terracotta should run without issues on Java platforms for which it is not certified. If you have any questions about a certified or non-certified platform, contact us in one of the following ways:

*   Send email to [info@terracotta.org](mailto:info@terracotta.org)
*   Post a question on our [community forums](http://forums.terracotta.org)

Terracotta is comprised of two different components: the **client** that integrates with your application, and the **server** (the server array) that typically runs on a set of separate machines in production.

The client is designed to run on many platform/JDK/container combinations. The server runs directly as a Java process (without a container).

Java SE 7 Compliance

Terracotta 3.7.3 is Java 7 compliant. This compliance excludes deployments using Terracotta Distributed Shared Objects (DSO) including use of object identity, instrumented classes, and object-graph roots.

Client JDKs
===========

For standard usage (also referred as Express integration), the following JDK's are supported:

| 
JDK Version

 |
| --- |
| Sun Hotspot 1.7.0\_7 |
| 

Sun Hotspot 1.6.0\_30

 |
| 

Oracle BEA JRockit 1.6.0\_26-b03 R28

 |
| 

IBM JDK 1.6

 |

Custom/DSO Usage

*   In addition to the ability to integrate Terracotta via standard application libraries (Ehcache, Quartz and Web Sessions), Terracotta also supports a Custom/DSO (Distributed Shared Objects) integration mode. Custom/DSO provides support for additional advanced use cases via lower level JVM-level data type clustering. It is typically only used for direct JVM-level POJO clustering (without using Ehcache), or uses cases that combine Ehcache with explicit DSO clustering of other data types in a single application, or when using Ehcache in non-serialized identity mode.
*   For more information on integration and installation modes, see our [Product Documentation](http://www.terracotta.org/documentation)
    
*   Custom/DSO usage is only supported with the Sun Hotspot JDK - as it relies on a JDK specific boot-jar for byte-code manipulation. Additionally, Websphere is not support with Custom/DSO usage.
*   BigMemory 4.0 no longer includes Custom/DSO support mode.  Please note that Terracotta will only be supporting Custom/DSO as part of Terracotta 3.7 through December 31 2013.  For more information, including migration options for DSO, please refer to [Terracotta DSO FAQ](37129634).

Client Containers
=================

| 
Container Version

 |
| --- |
| 

Apache Tomcat 7.0.16

 |
| 

Apache Tomcat 6.0.33

 |
| 

Apache Tomcat 5.5.28

 |
| 

Apache Tomcat 5.0.30

 |
| 

IBM Websphere 6.1.0.25

 |
| 

IBM WebSphere 7.0.0.9

 |
| 

JBoss AS 4.0.5

 |
| 

JBoss AS 4.2.3

 |
| 

JBoss AS 5.1.0

 |
| 

JBoss AS 6

 |
| 

Jetty 6.1.15

 |
| 

Jetty 6.1.26

 |
| 

Jetty 7.4.4

 |
| 

Oracle BEA Weblogic 9.2.MP3

 |
| 

Oracle BEA Weblogic 10.0 MP1, MP3, 10.3.1

 |
| 

\* Glassfish V2-ur2-b04

 |
| 

\* Glassfish V3

 |
| 

\* Resin 3.1.8

 |

\* Indicates - supported for Ehcache, Quartz, but not Web Sessions. Contact to [info@terracotta.org](mailto:info@terracotta.org) for availability.

Server Information
==================

The Terracotta server is a process that runs directly in a JVM.  
It has been validated on the following OSes with Sun Hotspot JDK 1.6.0\_27

*   Solaris 10(SPARC)
*   Solaris 9(SPARC)
*   Solaris 10 (x86)
*   RedHat ES4
*   RedHat ES5
*   RedHat EL6
*   SUSE ES 10.1 32 and 64 bit
*   SUSE ES 11
*   Windows Server 2003 R2
*   Windows XP (dev only)
*   Windows Server 2008R2
*   Windows Server 2012
*   zLinux
*   CentOS 5.4

For other JVM/platform combinations not listed above, please contact [info@terracotta.org](mailto:info@terracotta.org) to confirm status.

Library to Server Compatibility Matrix
======================================

[Library+to+Server+Compatibility+Matrix](Library+to+Server+Compatibility+Matrix)

If you are using Sun SPARC, see the [SPARC section of the Troubleshooting Guide](https://confluence.terracotta.org/display/docs/Troubleshooting+Guide#TroubleshootingGuide-sparc).

For Terracotta Server garbage-collector settings, see the [Technical FAQ](Technical+FAQ).

Document generated by Confluence on Oct 05, 2021 15:59

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)